# Excel-Sales-Data-Analysis
Project done as if hired by Byanka, a hypermarket chain company, as a financial analyst. Hired to project the sales of 2021 based on 2020 sales.

A)	What was the total sales of 2020? Write your answer in cell # R1

B)	Calculate the 2021 projected sales knowing that the expected growth rate for 2021 is 2.5%. Write your answer in cell # R3

C)	After you perform the calculation, create a table to study the effect of the rate on the projection sales of 2020 (starting from 1% until 5% with 0.5% increments)?       
                                     
D)	What would be the projection sales if they expect to grow by 3.5%? Write your answer in cell # R20

E)	Create a summary table to show the total sales for each payment type (Ewallet, Cash, Credit Card)                                                                                                                        i.	Which one has the highest sales? Write your answer in cell # R29                                                              							                    

F)	Byanka is thinking of introducing a new make-up stand that would target females who are interested in health and beauty items. Byanka wants to know how many of their target group has already made purchases in 2020.
        i.	Fill out the target? column with either yes or no.
        ii.	What percentage of total sales were sales made by this target group? Write your answer in cell # R34

G)	Your last task is to study the purchasing behavior of the customers of 2020 based on the following rough classification. Fill out the type? column based on the following. (2 marks)
  •	If the customer bought exactly 1 item, then he/she is a “product specific” buyer
  •	If the customer bought more than 1 but less than 5, he/she is a “list” buyer
  •	If the customer bought more than 5 items, he/she is an “impulsive” buyer
        i.	How many products specific buyers bought from Byanka in 2020? Write your answer in cell # R38

H)	Which branch had the highest average sales per transaction?

I)	What is the total revenue generated by female customers?

J)	What is the average unit price of items bought by "Members"?

K)	Which city has the lowest total quantity sold?
